[panting]
[SAMURAI SWORD groaning]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Best not die. Got that, Aki?
Because when... I finally go...
...you can cry for me.
Snake. Swallow it.
[SAWATARI]
Return.
[SAMURAI SWORD groaning]
The Fiend made a break for it.
Well, good thing our target
is Chainsaw's heart.
Forget the Fiend.
[DENJI gasps]
[SAMURAI SWORD]
Hm?
This time I'm gonna cut 'im
right down the middle.
Just make sure you
don't damage the heart.
[DENJI] I have no clue
what the fuck's going on.
But I'mma go out on a limb here
and say you two are "bad guys."
The kind that mean business.
Love me some baddies.
Can't get enough.
Ya know why that is?
No one gives a shit
when I carve 'em up.
[SAMURAI SWORD] Don't often
get to kill my enemies
twice in a row.
[grunts]
[cackling]
[DENJI]
Die!
[SAWATARI] This is Sawatari.
We've engaged Chainsaw
at the Nerima Nishidai
building. Third floor.
Requesting backup.
[gasps]
[DENJI, SAMURAI SWORD grunting]
[DENJI grunts]
[groans]
[SAMURAI SWORD grunts]
[panting]
[footsteps]
We shootin' 'im?
Keep your aim on
his heart and his arms.
[DENJI]
Piss off!
[INOUE gasps]
Asswipe!
Oww. That really hurts!
What the hell?
When'd I even get cut?
[groans]
[DENJI grunts]
Hey! Can opener!
This jerk's one of your
bad-guy buddies, yeah?
That observation have a point?
Well, if you move one
millimeter from there,
your buddy'll lose his head
and there'll be
a special on ground beef!
You're such a piece of shit.
Yeah, that's right!
Sit your dumb ass down!
[GRUNT A gasps]
Where'd he--?
[DENJI]
Huh?
All right, we better move him.
You go and bring the car around.
Make it quick.
Then again,
I guess there's no rush.
Chainsaw's friends are dead.
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
[SAMURAI SWORD]
Devil Hunters are still human.
They'll lose to guns
like anyone would.
[sirens blaring]
[PASSENGER A]
They have guns.
We're almost at the station.
Move to the other cars
and try to blend in.
[gasps]
What?
[AGENT A]
Miss Tendo!
Got bad news.
Tokyo Special Units
one, two, three, and four
were all assaulted by gunmen.
[TENDO, KUROSE]
Huh?
For real? Makima is dead?
If so, we've been
wasting our time here.
[PASSENGER B gasping]
[PASSENGER B]
Move it, lady!
[PASSENGERS panting]
[alarm blaring]
[BOTH gasp]
[MAKIMA]
Kurose. Tendo.
Moments ago, there was
a shooting onboard the train.
It goes without saying,
but lunch is canceled.
Please clean up the bodies.
[KUROSE]
Tokyo got hit, too.
But, more importantly,
that blood!
[TENDO]
Are you injured, Miss Makima?
It's not my blood.
I was able to
avoid getting shot.
[sirens blaring]
[TENDO] It's pure chaos
over there, so unfortunately,
we don't have a whole
lot of reliable info.
Right now, they're still focused
on confirming casualties.
Well, ma'am?
Should we head to Tokyo
to offer our assistance?
[MAKIMA] We won't make it
in time if we do.
Just a hunch, but I think
Denji's their main objective.
Have to handle it from here.
Kurose. I need you
to borrow 30 convicts
serving life sentences or worse
from the Ministry of Justice.
While he's doing that,
you go find the nearest temple
at the highest altitude
and rent it out, Tendo.
[MAKIMA]
Oh, and.
A clean change of clothes
would be nice, too.
So where are we going?
Who knows?
Quiet down. Just eat.
[TENDO] Miss Makima?
They're a few minutes away.
[MAKIMA]
Thanks for the heads-up, Tendo.
I'll be right there.
Pick up the pace!
Think I'm gonna be out of
commission for a while.
He's heavy.
Come on, gimme a hand!
All right already, sheesh.
You hold the other end.
Uh, how? Nothin' on
that side to hold.
[BIRD A caws]
Dude. Sometime this century!
What the--?
Something feels weird.
[MISHIMA]
Quit freaking out! Just lift.
[GRUNT B]
No, really.
I'm tellin' you
somethin' ain't right!
Like?
Can you be a little
more specific, or--
[MISHIMA gasping]
Hey. Hey!
Come in, Team E!
Verify that Makima's dead.
[GRUNT C] Message heard
loud and clear by Team E.
Team C hasn't been in
contact since about--
[SAWATARI]
That bitch.
So why did we get
blindfolded, too?
Maybe you're unaware,
but she reports
directly to the
Chief Cabinet Secretary.
Rank and file hunters like us
don't have clearance
to know about the devils
she's contracted with.
Shuzo Mishima. Say that aloud.
Sh-Shuzo Mishima.
Hurry up and get
Chainsaw inside the van!
Right! Okay.
Now! Come on,
get the lead out and move!
Are you even listening
to me, Mishima?
[MISHIMA groans]
[SAMURAI SWORD gasps]
Takashi Inoue. Say that name.
Takashi Inoue.
[GRUNT D gasping]
[SAMURAI SWORD]
Wait!
[GRUNT E panting]
[STREET screams]
[GRUNT I gasps]
[WOMAN A]
No!
Hey!
Somebody!
Dammit, help me!
[STREET screams]
I think it stopped.
[MAKIMA]
You can remove those.
I've done everything
within my power from Kyoto.
I'll be returning to Tokyo now.
[SAWATARI] A bullshit power like
this is bound to be Makima's.
We should get goin'
while we have the chance.
Goddammit.
Thought they put a bullet
through her head.
[gasps]
[KOBENI]
You two.
You're with them. The shooters.
[SAWATARI]
Snake. Tail!
She part monkey?!
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
[coughs]
Shit! Die inside the van!
[gasps]
I'm sorry, Denji.
I shouldn't have tried
to kill you before.
[KOBENI chuckles]
[KOBENI] Apologizing
for attempted murder.
That's hilarious.
[KOBENI laughs]
[gunshot]
[KOBENI crying]
[KOBENI]
This is bad. I'm losing it.
He protected me.
It's my fault.
It's all my fault.
I... I just...
[KOBENI crying]
[KOBENI]
I can't take it.
This job is going to
drive me crazy.
[KOBENI] I'll tell
Miss Himeno I'm quitting
next time I see her.
[PEDESTRIAN C gasps]
Madoka. Glad to see
you're alive.
How much of the
Special Division's left?
We got hit bad.
All teams, one through four.
Heavy casualties.
They're mostly dead,
aside from non-human members.
Utilizing firearms to
dispose of Special Divisions.
The odds of the Gun Devil
being involved are high.
I have a message for you.
The brass wants to merge
divisions one, two, and three
into four due to
personnel shortage.
They said going forward,
that unified team
will be under your
command, Makima.
[KUROSE, TENDO gasp]
[MADOKA]
There's this, too.
[MAKIMA]
What is it?
My resignation letter.
Wait, you're quitting?
I just feel the Special
Division's trouble.
If I don't quit while
I have the chance,
I'll likely be killed.
I see.
[MADOKA]
I do have one last question.
Today was brutal,
and I'm curious now.
How much of it
did you anticipate?
[MAKIMA] I'm not at liberty
to discuss Public Safety
intel with private citizens.
Thank you for
your service, Madoka.
I'll be sure to pass this on
to where it needs to go.
Uh, to be clear, neither of us
have any intention of
joining your special force.
[TENDO] We only came to Tokyo
to help with training.
[KUROSE]
One week from now,
we'll be heading
right back to Kyoto.
[MAKIMA]
Such a shame.
The dining in this city
is absolutely to die for.